We will analyze profitability
in the fashion sector from the
perspective of Porter's 5 forces
or the forces that affect, in
this case, that strong competitive
war.
It is a very fragmented market, it
is a market in which the customer
has much decision-making power.
To make you an idea, I will primarily
distinguish a little by sex,
because women, when they go shopping,
have between 7 and 9 brands
in mind.
There is a segmentation, I mean the
woman who likes fashion, because
there are women who don't like
fashion, as in all, but between
7 and 9 brands.
This means there is no very
big brand loyalty, usually,
at least in fast fashion,
and it has a lot of power.
That's why prices have fallen so
much, because this can be done.
When there is no loyalty, competitive
struggle is greater, the red ocean
is redder, there is greater price
war, the margins are ultra-adjusted.
What is great for the
consumer, is great for us all.
The behavior of man, and I mention
this because it is curious,
is very different.
In the top of mind that it is called,
it has around two brands, and usually
do not have to be two brands
for everything, but they can be
by families, for example.
You know you want to buy
this shirt, usually you
go to two places where you like
them, or you buy the pants
in two places.
This is quite common, but
women act differently, and
this is a world where most
of the consumption is
generated by women.
What is the percentage?
I can't tell you, because we
are, the market where I move
most is that of women,
but it's majority without
any doubt.
And I was referring to this because
in such a fragmented market and
with such a great power of
the consumer, really customer
service has to be at the center.
And you have to react very quickly
to what you ask, both at the
level of price and fashion and trend.
What makes the profitability
decrease is because the permanent
need for differentiation
is greater, etc.
From the consumer perspective
it is clear, in this case the
force, has a lot of strength the
consumer and this negatively
impacts on the profitability.
If we talk about suppliers, for
example, how would we value it?
I think big groups have a lot
of power over the provider,
right?
Totally, and despite being, as
we have said, has a relatively
small market share, its sales
are huge, its production
and volume capacities
are astronomical.
And it's curious because there'
s an entry barrier for new brands
that are the minimum of production.
To be able to set up an efficient
production chain in an Asian
producing country, for example,
you need a minimum.
Otherwise, they prefer their
chains with much higher volumes.
This is a relatively important
small entry barrier
when it comes to generating
a new brand, which is our volumes.
Because the price is so competitive
in the customer's end market, you either
start with high production
volumes, or it's very difficult.
But really, that's surprising because
there are many young, specialized
brands born, right?
They usually do not
compete in price.
They are niche brands where you have a
very determined style, but they are
more expensive.
Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well.
Would it be impossible for them to compete
in price with Inditex?
No, it is impossible.
If you want to make money, it is very difficult.
It is impossible, in fact.
Well, you commented that there
is another force that can negatively
affect you, that is being
carried some concentration in
some of the providers.
For example, in the transport
sector.
What could be an example?
Yes, it's an example that is
not, say, the fashion world affects,
like many other costs, the cost
of transportation.
And that, although it is not of
the most relevant, in terms of the
total cost of the position of the garment,
which is a example of a counter-
position industry, that is, a super-
consolidated industry, which is in
this case of the shipping companies,
which have also been consolidated
more recently, and which are making
that, for now, until now,
the costs of transportation,
especially from Asia by boat,
were very low, they are still
low, but they are possible
to increase.
I think, as an anecdote of an
entirely opposite industry, it is
quite acclaiming.
But, of course, we have to work together,
we are in a globalized world,
and this is something that in the
world of fashion is very relevant.
The major brands we have talked
about, Inditex, Fast Retailing,
Uniqlo, H&M, are global.
They move well around the world,
they have to use transportation in
many parts of the world, and they
have challenges of all kinds,
political, social, customs...